Disable CNI configuration by default (#202)
cri-o/packaging: README.md

dnf install -y cri-o kubelet kubeadm kubectl
```

#### Configure a Container Network Interface (CNI) plugin

> CRI-O is capable to work with different [CNI plugins](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CRI-O is capable of working with different [CNI plugins](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni),
```

which may require a custom configuration. The CRI-O package ships a default
[IPv4 and IPv6 (dual stack) configuration](templates/latest/cri-o/bundle/10-crio-bridge.conflist.disabled)
for the [`bridge`](https://www.cni.dev/plugins/current/main/bridge) plugin,
which is disabled by default. The configuration can be enabled by renaming the
disabled configuration file in `/etc/cni/net.d`:

```bash
mv /etc/cni/net.d/10-crio-bridge.conflist.disabled /etc/cni/net.d/10-crio-bridge.conflist
```

> The bridge plugin is mainly suitable for single node clusters in CI and testing
> environments. Different CNI plugins are recommended to use CRI-O in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bridge plugin is suitable for single-node clusters in CI and testing
environments. Different CNI plugins are recommended to use CRI-O in production.
```
